Docs: Add guides for common cases (#6996)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Addition-Guide.md

> # Addition Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Adding Software to Homebrew
```

> # What if I want software added?

Reviewer: Can this title match the filename?

Are you missing your favorite software in Homebrew? Then you're the perfect person to resolve this problem.

But before you do that, please check if nobody else beat you to the punch by checking the [homebrew-core](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/pulls) or [linuxbrew-core](https://github.com/Homebrew/linuxbrew-core/pulls) pull request list.

Nobody did? Good, you're still the best person to resolve this. 

## Before you begin

> Check if the software is acceptable for homebrew by reading the [requirements](Acceptable-Formulae.md). If the software is a version of already accepted software, read the [version requirements](Versions.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check if the software is acceptable for Homebrew by reading the [requirements](Acceptable-Formulae.md). If the software is a version of already accepted software, read the [version requirements](Versions.md).
```

> Check if the software is acceptable for Homebrew by reading the [requirements](Acceptable-Formulae.md). If the software is a version of already accepted software, read the [version requirements](Versions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if the software is acceptable for Homebrew by reading the [acceptable formulae requirements](Acceptable-Formulae.md). If the software is a version of already accepted software, read the [versioned formulae requirements](Versions.md).
```

## Writing the formula

> 1. It's a good idea to look up some brewed software that is similar to your favorite software in language and/or build method and look at the formula code for that to gather some inspiration.

Reviewer 2: Markdown trick: If you number these all as `1.` then they'll auto-number when rendered. So if you add a step in the middle you don't have to manually increment each one.

> 1. It's a good idea to look up some brewed software that is similar to your favorite software in language and/or build method and look at the formula code for that to gather some inspiration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. It's a good idea to look up some software in Homebrew that is similar to your favorite software in language and/or build method and look at the formula code for that to gather some inspiration.
```

> 2. You can use the [create command](Manpage.md#create-options-url) to get a basic version of your new formula.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You can use the [`brew create` command](Manpage.md#create-options-url) to get a basic version of your new formula.
```

> 3. With that basic version, your inspiration, [the cookbook](Formula-Cookbook.md) and the upstream documentation you are probably finish off your formula. Also note the specific comments for [python](Python-for-Formula-Authors.md) and [node](Node-for-Formula-Authors.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. With that basic version, your inspiration, [the cookbook](Formula-Cookbook.md) and the upstream documentation you are probably finish off your formula. Also note the specific comments for [`python`](Python-for-Formula-Authors.md) and [`node`](Node-for-Formula-Authors.md).
```

4. Try and install the formula using `brew install --build-from-source <formula>`, where <formula> is the name of the formula you're writing.

> 5. If you're stuck, ask for help on github or discourse. The maintainers are very happy to help, we just want you to try first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. If you're stuck, ask for help on GitHub or Discourse. The maintainers are very happy to help, we just want you to try first.
```

## Getting ready to submit the formula
1. Is your test running fine? Use `brew test <formula>`, where <formula> is the name of the formula you're writing? Make sure you have a good test. If you're not sure you can check the [cookbook](Formula-Cookbook.md#add-a-test-to-the-formula).
2. Does your build pass `brew audit --strict --new-formula --online <formula>` (after doing `brew install <formula>`)? If it doesn't, make sure you fix the issues before submitting it for inclusion.

> The guide on [opening a pull request](How-To-Open-a-Homebrew-Pull-Request.md) should really be all you need to submit your formula to be used by all homebrew users then.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The guide on [opening a pull request](How-To-Open-a-Homebrew-Pull-Request.md) should really be all you need to submit your formula to be used by all Homebrew users then.
```

> The guide on [opening a pull request](How-To-Open-a-Homebrew-Pull-Request.md) should really be all you need to submit your formula to be used by all Homebrew users then.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guide on [opening a pull request](How-To-Open-a-Homebrew-Pull-Request.md) should really be all you need to submit your formula for use by all Homebrew users.
```
